Create an Add-On
Title: Entity Tracker [v1.0]

Brief Introduction:
The title says it all. This Add-On is able to track the distance between an entity of mob or player within a 64 chunks radius in a Minecraft world in Minecraft: Bedrock Edition.

Description:
How does it work?
The Entity Tracker Add-On have the capaility to track an entity during its tracking by running the command /tag @[player / entity] add track to activate the tracker.
The tracker can display the distance between the player position and the position of the entity that is being tracked, and display the result in actionbar every in-game tick until you removed the tag "track" from the target.
If you decide to tag yourself as a target, feel free to try our developing function by punching a block "Allow" which you can get that block by typing /give @s allow. (This feature is still in development, we're hoping to add this feature to every mob possible)

The disadvantage of the addon:
Due to Minecraft: Bedrock Edition has its own limit, if you set the Add-On can have the capaility to track really high distance, the world ticks per second might start decreasing and this issue is depend on the host's device.

We have tried fixing this issue as we could. Therefore if you find out the world's ticks per second start decreasing due to this addon, what you should do is:
1. Join our discord server
2. File a bug report of the Add-On on our discord server
3. If you're reporting a bug about low tps, please provide as much detail you had as much as possible, including:
- Your device specification (e.g. Androld - 1GB Memory (Check via internet), iOS - 1GB Memory (Check via internet) or Windows 10 - i5-1135G7 (CPU), 8GB Ram and Nvidia GeForce RTX 3070 (GPU) (Check via Task manager in your computer.))
- The world tps it was running (You may place a repeating command block to add a value of 1, set it to always active and "Delay in ticks" to 0 , mark a record of how many in-game ticks it run in a real-life second (18-20tps is what normal condition of Minecraft world should have, any lower than this and you will begin to see lag.))
- The Radius Distance you were playing affect the world's tps (Check in Add-On's setting)
- Additional infomation you may want us to know

We also listen to every report we have received, and hopefully try our best to fix it.

Installation:

Supported Minecraft Version: 1.16.101

Installation description (optional):
1. Download the addon through mediafire
2. Import the Add-On to Minecraft: Bedrock Edition
3. Apply the behavior pack to your Minecraft world
4. Change the radius distance on the behavior pack setting if you wanted to